Alright what statements are true,
userTokenMap implements the iterator
protocol, when setting user to
null userTokenMap returns zero.
See if the user object is set to null,
its userTokenMap entry can be garbage
collected or D, spreading the user token
map in an array returns an array
of the userTokenMap's entries.
All right, so the only correct answer is
C, if the user object is set to null,
its userTokenMap entry
can be garbage collected.
So let's take a look at what and
weak map, is which we've defined here.
So first we have the userTokenMap, which
is a weak map it gets stored in the heap.
And then we have the user Jane Doe age 24,
also stored in heap referenced
from the global execution context.
Then we set the userTokenMap,
we create an entry
with the user object as its key and
like a secret token as its value.
Now, the nice thing about weak maps is
that they actually reference that object,
that we defined as the entry through
something called a weak reference.
And, this only kind of makes sense
when we eventually delete the user, cuz
now also the entry will be removed.
So, when we compare this to a regular map,
so not a weak map.
So now it's the exact same, but
now you can see that it has a strong
reference to the user through that entry.
So now if we were to delete that user,
that user object would still exist because
as I talked about prior objects do
not get deleted or garbage collected.
When there is still a reference from
the global to that object and in here,
we still have a reference there
through the userTokenMap.
So even though it's not
directly accessible,
they're still like an indirect reference,
through the userTokenMap.
So, this can be very useful in
the case of the weak map here,
cuz maybe we just want to add
some attributes to an object,
that shouldn't necessarily be part of the
object like in here, like a secret token.
And we wanna make sure that
maybe when the user logs out,
which somehow removes some kind of object
that we passed as a value to that map.
That entry also gets removed, cuz
otherwise we just have all these objects
in memory and this could create like
the object will not be able to get garbage
collected resulting in a memory leak.
And you sometimes see
this on like DOM nodes,
like that's what a lot of
people use week maps for.
Because we can add some attributes
to a DOM node, using a weak map.
And then when the DOM node eventually
gets removed from the DOM,
the entire entry doesn't exist anymore.
But we can still access the the values
through the weak map, by getting like
userTokenMap.get and then the user or
in that case the DOM attribute.
Yeah, if it doesn't exist any more,
if it gets removed or
in the case of the DOM it unmounts
then that's also just gone.
There's no reference any more in memory,
so
we're not causing that accidental
memory leak, if that makes sense.
You also have like weak set, which
works in the same way it just uses like
a weak reference to
the objects to ensure that.
If it's not used anymore or
if it's removed,
then just remove the object instead
of keeping that reference like here,
in which case it doesn't get removed,
make sense?
It's like pretty niche use cases for
weak maps, like, but yeah,
it's very useful once you have a use case
for it, you're this makes total sense.
In the case of maybe setting a token,
maybe authentication token,
which probably you shouldn't store
in a week map is pretty insecure.
But anything that should be removed
once an object has been removed as well.
So you can only pass objects and I
believe functions as an entry to maps for
that reason.
Cuz it needs to be referenced and
strings numbers,
any primitive data type is not
a reference, that's just copy memory.